Cloud Controller API Docs
========

This is a small sinatra application used to link to different versions of the Cloud Controller API docs.

Development
--------
Install all dependencies using `bundle install`

### Running tests
Run `bundle exec rspec spec`

### Running the server locally
Run `bundle exec rackup`

Instructions for manually adding docs for a new release
--------
Run `./getversion.sh` for adding docs from a version of CC in CF Deployment 
and `./getversion_release.sh` for a version of CC from CF Release.

Example:
```
./getversion_release.sh v270 | pbcopy
```

Add the JSON output into the respective JSON file. E.g. `data/cf-deployment-api-versions.json` or `data/cf-release-api-versions.json`.

Historical instructions for adding docs generated by Travis
--------
1. Go to the github page for [cf-release](https://github.com/cloudfoundry/cf-release)
2. Find the tag for the release you want.
3. Go into the `src` directory.
4. Get the SHA for the `cloud_controller_ng` submodule.
5. Go to the Travis page for [cloud\_controller\_ng](https://travis-ci.org/cloudfoundry/cloud_controller_ng/builds)
6. Find the build that corresponds to the SHA you have.
7. Click on that build and get the build ID out of the URL. It should be at least 8 digits long.
8. Update the hash at the top of `main.rb` and add the release number, Travis build ID, and CC API version number.


How to Publish Changes (if you are a member of the CAPI team):
--------
1. Login to lastpass - look for PWS user (Runtime) - Use those creds for the `cf login` below
2. `$ cf api api.run.pivotal.io`
3. `$ cf login`
4. Target cfcommunity
5. Push to 'apidocs' app
